Now, we'll move on to reviewing the requirements in detail.
The first requirement is separation of concerns.
So as I reviewed in the architecture slide,
we will have four components.
We'll have the FlightSuretyData contract,
that's the name of the actual contract for data persistence.
We'll have the FlightSuretyApp contract for app logic and oracles code.
We'll have the Dapp client for triggering the contract
calls so that trigger might occur based on user input.
For example, a passenger decides to buy insurance
for a flight and that would trigger all the different contract calls.
Then we have a server app for simulating the behavior and responses of the oracles.